Improve perfs on noisy fetch chains (#13)
Cosmian/findex: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## Unreleased

### Changed

- Add `fetch_chains_batch_size` argument to search

> - `fetch_chains` calls are now run in parallel in wasm (not working in Java/Flutter for now)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- in `search`, `fetch_chains` calls are now run in parallel for batches of `fetch_chains_batch_size` (not working for the Java/Flutter interfaces for now)
```
